Objective:
Practice creating and managing a relational database using Python and SQLAlchemy. You will define tables, set up relationships, and perform basic CRUD operations.

Instructions:
Use Python and SQLAlchemy to complete this assignment.
Make sure you have SQLAlchemy installed (pip install SQLAlchemy).
Use SQLite for simplicity (sqlite:///example.db).
Submit your Python script (.py) with all the steps completed.
Part 1: Setup
Import necessary modules from SQLAlchemy:
from sqlalchemy import create_engine, Column, Integer, String, ForeignKey, Boolean
from sqlalchemy.ext.declarative import declarative_base
from sqlalchemy.orm import sessionmaker, relationship

Create an engine and base:
engine = create_engine('sqlite:///shop.db')
Base = declarative_base()
Session = sessionmaker(bind=engine)
session = Session()

Part 2: Define Tables
Create a User table with:
id (primary key)
name (string)
email (string, unique)
Create a Product table with:
id (primary key)
name (string)
price (integer)
Create an Order table with:
id (primary key)
user_id (foreign key referencing User.id)
product_id (foreign key referencing Product.id)
quantity (integer)
Set up relationships:
A User can have many Orders
A Product can appear in many Orders
Hint: Use relationship() in the tables to define these connections.

Part 3: Create Tables
Use Base.metadata.create_all(engine) to create the tables in the SQLite database.
Part 4: Insert Data
Add at least 2 users, 3 products, and 4 orders with different quantities.
Use session.add() and session.commit() to save data.
Part 5: Queries
Write Python code to:

Retrieve all users and print their information.
Retrieve all products and print their name and price.
Retrieve all orders, showing the user’s name, product name, and quantity.
Update a product’s price.
Delete a user by ID.
Part 6: Bonus (Optional)
Add a status column to the Order table (Boolean to represent shipped or not).
Query all orders that are not shipped.
Count the total number of orders per user.


